a humid wet atmosphere did not stop the
st 2013 matchup between woodlands
Wellington FC and bless dear karla FC
from kicking off and exciting prospect
as both teams were in dire need of a
good result in the game and were coming
off on the back of the feets however the
Rams were looking to exploit their home
advantage to give balestier khalsa FC
extra problerms as Strong's of woodlands
wellington supporters came down to
support 13 and serve as a twelfth man
the game started with woodlands
wellington kicking off as they
immediately settles into a passing
rhythm opting not to push forward
immediately but to pass the ball around
and just to keep possession of the ball
prompting balestier khalsa FC to press
high up on the pitch exposing spaces in
their backline which the ramps
constantly used to open up the Blessed a
defense it was not long before the Rams
cracked open the Tigers defends with
some clever footwork coming from Jung
Joo Eun laying down the left wing as he
beat his marker to the touchline and
wrote the ball to the edge of the six
yard box where the 32 year old woodlands
forward Munson who was to tap it home
giving the Rams an early lead 5 minutes
into the game things were not going well
for the Tigers as their deep passes into
the woodlands how for being cut off by
some excellent defensive headers and
instead of clearing the ball away the
Rams were able to keep possession of the
ball with some clever flicks to beat the
oncoming belleza forwards the Tigers did
have a few opportunities to level the
game with your star forward Julie
leading the line with some good shots
and even hitting the crossbar on
occasion the second goal came not to
long later as an incisive pass was made
from midfield to moon soon ho again who
had made a clever run past the last man
to keep himself on site and just hit it
hard and low to beat the Blessed
shot-stopper for the second time of the
night woodlands were well in control for
large portions of the game as they press
their dominance through their passing
possession play getting their third goal
of the night with chun joong geun as he
put his name on the scoresheet by
running off an impressive game for the
2500 forward Palacio Khalsa FC got a
consolation goal later on in the game
through some shambolic defending by the
Rams but that was how it ended with the
Rams holding on to a well-deserved home
victory with a score line of three to
one on the areas we need to improve on
is the obvious one putting the
go into the net and a bit more compact
as a team finish all this we were
totally alone next session ok basically
the boys play according to the game plan
that we want to stop the plane in a
mediator so they did very well and at
the same time you know we took the
chance as well and I told them that once
you took the lead so try to circulate
the ball around in perfectly so they did
they did but I think twas the last 10 of
10 minutes of her first up so was very
disappointed because we keep on losing
the ball in the inner taking thur so
when you're losing the ball ball
possession so it's very difficult for
you to the organizational and I should
say that you know no one that I really
enjoyed to see that you know they took
the chances when a disco goal and we
took the lead in a very early less than
five minutes or so there was very
motivation and encouraged alternative